Yuexuan
Even if I don't gamble with you
There must be no other way
All I can
I want to get the military power
But I'm just curious.
How do you know?
Concubine Wan will definitely poison me
Hahahahaha
Ok Ye Xuan
You are indeed a born emperor
I
Bet with you
son
Thank you father
If you do win
Give them a chance.
Oh yes, third brother
I seem to have heard today
Concubine Ji made a bowl of lotus seed soup
It has been sent to Phoenix.
Then you say
How do we poison this?
Ah, that's right.
You become a poisonous snake
Climb to the top of my father's palace
Then secretly drip saliva into his lotus seed soup
Hey, isn't that it?
Ah, me!
Your son is Manha
Otherwise, what's the use of keeping you?
Don't talk to your sister-in-law like that
No need to poison
Don't poison him
Who is down?
Could it be that you expect Concubine Ji to poison herself?
Is that play real?
Oh.
There are melons
Who says
He doesn't poison
Not poisonous
OK
What I told you is so dark, huh?
I can hear you.